gh-1481 add details to box_protocol.rst (#1584)
tarantool/doc: doc/dev_guide/internals/box_protocol.rst

Now read the source code file
`net_box.c <https://github.com/tarantool/tarantool/blob/master/src/box/lua/net_box.c>`_
and skip to the line ``netbox_encode_select(lua_State *L)``.
From the comments and from simple function calls like

> "mpstream_encode_uint(&stream, IPROTO_SPACE_ID);"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``mpstream_encode_uint(&stream, IPROTO_SPACE_ID);``
```

you will be able to see how net_box put together the packet contents that you
have just observed with tcpdump.

There are libraries for reading and writing MessagePack objects.
C programmers sometimes include `msgpuck.h <https://github.com/rtsisyk/msgpuck>`_.

Now you know how Tarantool itself makes requests with the binary protocol.

> When in doubt about a detail, consult net_box.c -- it has routines for each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When in doubt about a detail, consult ``net_box.c`` -- it has routines for each
```

    2b                 IPROTO_OPTIONS Map Item#3
    90                 MP_ARRAY, size 0 (there are no options)

To call a prepared statement with named parameters from a connector pass the
parameters within an array of maps. A client should wrap each element into a map,
where the key holds a name of the parameter (with a colon) and the value holds
an actual value. So, to bind foo and bar to 42 and 43, a client should send
``IPROTO_SQL_TEXT: <...>, IPROTO_SQL_BIND: [{"foo": 42}, {"bar": 43}]``.

> If a statement has both named and non-named parameters, wrap into a map only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a statement has both named and non-named parameters, wrap only named ones
```

> named ones. The rest are positional and substituted in order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into a map. The rest of parameters are positional and substituted in order.
```
